feat(byline): add byline block with custom byline and CAP support (#4405)
Automattic/newspack-plugin: src/blocks/byline/README.md

3. **Default WordPress Author** - Falls back to the standard WordPress post author when neither custom bylines nor CoAuthors Plus authors are available.

## Block attributes

| Attribute | Type | Default | Description |
|-----------|------|---------|-------------|
| `prefix` | string | `"By "` | Text displayed before author names. Hidden in inspector when custom byline is active. |
| `linkToAuthorArchive` | boolean | `true` | Whether to link author names to their archive pages. Hidden in inspector when custom byline is active. |

When a custom byline is enabled, both settings are hidden in the block inspector since custom bylines control their own prefix and link behavior.

## Editor behavior

The block reads from the CoAuthors Plus data store (`cap/authors`) for real-time updates in the editor. When authors are added or removed via the Authors panel in the sidebar, the byline block updates immediately without requiring a page refresh.

## Availability

> This block is only available for block themes. For classic themes, bylines are handled through the `pre_newspack_posted_by` filter in the Newspack theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This block is intended to be used instead of the Post Author block in block themes. For Newspack's classic theme, custom bylines are handled through the `pre_newspack_posted_by` filter, and CoAuthors Plus are added through custom code.
```

Nit: I'm not sure I made this bit any clearer, but I removed some misleading bits: you can still technically insert this block in the content of a classic theme, and CoAuthors don't use `pre_newspack_posted_by`.

Author: > you can still technically insert this block in the content of a classic theme

This is partially true, because the block PHP inclusion is currently wrapped in a `wp_is_block_theme()` check:

```php
if ( wp_is_block_theme() ) {
    require_once NEWSPACK_ABSPATH . 'src/blocks/avatar/class-avatar-block.php';
    require_once NEWSPACK_ABSPATH . 'src/blocks/byline/class-byline-block.php';
}
```

So, while reviewing this, I noticed the block was still appearing in the editor for classic themes (the JS registration wasn't gated), even though the block wouldn't be rendered on the frontend (same for the `newspack/avatar` block).

I updated that too to make it consistent, so now the block won't show up in the inserter at all for classic themes. Although it would show the `Your site doesn't include support for the "newspack/byline" block...` type of warning in the editor if you previously added the block and switched back to a classic theme.

Also updated the README to mix your wording and it now look like this:
> This block replaces the Post Author block and is only available in block themes. For Newspack's classic theme, custom bylines are handled through the `pre_newspack_posted_by` filter, and CoAuthors Plus support is added through custom code.

WDYT?

[bc29165](https://github.com/Automattic/newspack-plugin/pull/4405/commits/bc291655a1c0acacaea94a5caea13b8ac29263eb)

Reviewer: > This is partially true, because the block PHP inclusion is currently wrapped in a wp_is_block_theme() check...

You can tell I'm just testing the editor and not publishing anything 😆 I've confirmed you can't add this block to the editor of classic theme anymore!

> Also updated the README to mix your wording and it now look like this

Ah that's much better! 

Both of these changes look good!
